CONTENT FOR THE WEBSITE 

HOME 


	Our company was created when three random strangers came together for the love of sushi we come to offer an up scale environment for sushi lovers. 	Our restaurant features conveyor belt to deliver food to our customers as fast as possible, giving them privacy without disturbing or interrupting 	their private moments.

REVIEWS AND COMMENTS 

	Please feel free to leave a comment or two. We’ll be glad to hear from our lovely customers! Hope you enjoyed your meal with us. 




ABOUT US 

	Welcome to Artsy Sushi! We are glad to see you here, enjoy our freshly prepared delightful and appetizing sushi.
	We offer one of the best authentic Japanese sushi cuisine experiences. We mindfully prepare meals even for your every need, even for the calorie 	shy.
	We use nutrient rich ingredients, such as rice, seaweed, fish and vegetables. Our selection showcases wide variety of popular Japanese items. Now 	you can enjoy the taste of our sushi at the comfort of your home, we offer takeaway menu.


MENU 
	
	Our menus include not only famous sushi containing seafood but we also take care of all the vegans and vegetarian out there. Come join us for a 	lovely fulfilling meal.
	We use specially made sweet ginger dressing and vinegar to garnish our specially handcrafted sushi for an ultimate feast.
	Wraps:
	Dried seaweed
	Rice paper
	Finely chopped cucumber, avocado, carrots,
	Tofu, soy bean sweet egg omelette and various kinds of seafood
	Brown rice
 
	Meat :
	Raw chicken
	Raw deer
	Raw beef
	Assorted exotic raw fish
	Shellfish
 	
	Our sushi’s may contain sesame seed and may have come in contact what other kinds of nuts.

BEVERAGES 
	Apart from food we also offer you  our wide variety beverages 

 

	Pint of Beer:

		Draft …………………………………….. $10

		Imported…………………………………$20

	Bottle of Wine:

		Domestic.…………………………………$10

		Imported…………………………………$20

	Cocktails :

		Single serve ……………………………..$10

		Jar ………………………………………….$20

	Japanese Speciality :

		Single serve ……………………………..$10

		Jar ………………………………………….$20


DESSERTS 

	We offer exquisite Desserts :





CONTACT US 

	Feel free to drop by at our restaurant to see and talk to us or call us at 647-XXX-XXX.

	And for are happy shy customers you can reach us at XYZ @mail.com.  I just leave us a quick comment review on our website. Thank you!



